test(true-up notifications): True-up notifications on invite users modal and global banner (#10)
mattermost/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/cloud/true-up-notifications/MM-test-case-2.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "System console: Dynamic banner that communicates over-deployment"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: True-up Notifications
authors: "@yasserfaraazkhan"
team_ownership: 
- Self-Serve

# (Optional)
priority_p1_to_p4: P1 - Smoke Tests (App testable?)
location: cloud
component: null
tags: []
labels: []

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**
Ref: https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-47646

Pre-requisites:

> - Have a workspace with test cloud license that has user less limit for testing purposes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have a workspace with test self-hosted license that has user less limit for testing purposes
```
